Now let's reorder two of the product slides in the presentation,
first, by loading the presentation, and then changing the slide
order, and finally, save the changes.
Go to the reorderSlides method in the ProductPresentation class.
Follow the steps that you just saw. First, create the
FileInputStream to the already‑created PowerPoint .pptx file.
Create an XMLSlideShow, passing in the InputStream.
Let's say we want to swap the fourth slide with the third slide,
so get the fourth slide,
then call the setSlideOrder method on the ppt, passing in slideFour
and the newIndex as 2, which is the third position.
Remember, indexes are zero‑based.
Now open a FileOutputStream to the file and write the ppt with the
changes to the OutputStream to save the changes.
Now, before checking this, let's see how the PPT looks like now.
As you can see, this is the fourth slide.
When we reorder, these two slides should swap their positions.
So let's check this out. Call the reorderSlides method in the main
class like this. Save and run the application. Now you can see that the two slides are reordered, as expected.